= Meeting 2 - Jan 23 =

== This Meeting ==
   * Need new alternate group meeting time
      * Not Wednesday
      * '''Tuesday 1:30 – 3:30''' - Best time
      * Friday 2:30 – 4:30

   * Log into Wiki via Orange blueprint 
   * Decide on Wiki headings
      * Group Members
         * Individual wiki pages/ diaries here
         * Project Description
      * General idea for project
      * Meeting Notes
         * Page for each meeting
      * System Architecture
         * How project is being designed
      * Group Resources
         * Helpful links people find

== For next week ==
   * Group meeting to learn D&D?
   * SVN
      * Tortoise SVN 1.7.4 is the version we need
      * Get SVN set up
   * Make an individual page
      * What code you worked on/specific link to code/tickets
   * Decide preference for GUI/parsing/logic
      * Different people to work on different components
   * Run Hello World in Visual Studio

